update workshop stipend details (#40)
mathtechorg/mathtechorg.github.io: _pages/workshops.md

**Monday May 19 - Thursday May 22, 2025**. Virtual.

> Join the MathTech.org team for a free virtual workshop on using PreTeXt for creating accessible course materials.  We will meet on zoom for 2 hours each day for a mix of tutorials and "office-hours" to help you get started writing accessible handouts, lecture notes, and more.  Limited participation stipends are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join the MathTech.org team for a free virtual workshop on using PreTeXt for creating accessible course materials.  We will meet on zoom for 2 hours each day for a mix of tutorials and "office-hours" to help you get started writing accessible handouts, lecture notes, and more.  Stipends for a limited number of participants in this workshop are available.
```

Reviewer 2: I like it with these edits!
